= Overview

Provides custom user preferences and key bindings not provided by default with Sublime Text.

= Features

* Applies preferences not enabled by default (see the Preferences.sublime-settings file).
* Applies key bindings not enabled by default (see the Default (OSX).sublime-keymap file).
* Applies extension preferences not enabled by default (see the OSX[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/osx] project for details.)
* Provides tab-complete code snippets for HTML, CSS, Ruby, Rails, RSpec, etc.

= Requirements

* {Sublime Text 2}[http://www.sublimetext.com].

= Setup

Open a terminal window and execute the following commands:

Current Version (stable)

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/sublime_text.git
  cd sublime_text
  git checkout v2.0.0

Master Version (unstable)

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/sublime_text.git
  cd sublime_text

Modify all files in the preferences/User folder as you see fit.

= Usage

Type the following from the command line to install:

  ./run.sh

NOTE: Installing assumes this project will be kept around locally and not moved
(due to the fact that installing symbolically links the Sublime Text Users folder
with the preferences/User folder of this project). Should this project be relocated,
simply re-run the install to fix the symbolic link.

Alternatively, the install can be skipped and content can be pilfered from the
files located in the preferences/User folder instead. :)

= Resources

* {Bryan Helmkamp's User Settings}[https://github.com/brynary/sublime-text-2-user-settings]
* {Neil Sarkar's User Settings}[https://github.com/neilsarkar/sublime_user_directory]

= Contributions

Read CONTRIBUTING for details.

= Credits

Developed by {Brooke Kuhlmann}[http://www.redalchemist.com] at {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com]

= License

Copyright (c) 2013 {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com].
Read the LICENSE for details.

= History

Read the CHANGELOG for details.
